Prepare for 0.8.0 & Update CHANGELOG (#287)
probe-rs/probe-rs: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

### Changed

### Fixed

## [0.8.0]

### Added

- Added support for new devices in the nRF52 family - nRF52805, nRF52820 and nRF52833.
- Added support for the STM32F7 family.
- The `Session` struct and dependants now implement `Debug`.

> - The J-Link driver now displays a warning if no proper target voltage is measured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The J-Link driver now logs a warning if no proper target voltage is measured.
```

This is more accurate since it depends on the log level configuration (although warnings are shown by default).

- The J-Link driver now logs some more information about the connected probe on the `INFO` and `DEBUG` levels.

### Changed

- Improved error handling by a great deal. Errors now can be unwound properly and thus displayed nicely in UI tooling.

> - `Core::halt() now requires a timeout to be specified such that procedures such as flashing wont timeout if erasing a sector for example takes longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Core::halt()` now requires a timeout to be specified. This ensures that procedures such as flashing wont time out when certain tasks (like erasing a sector) take longer.
```

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug where a probe-selector would not work for the JLink if only VID & PID were specified but no serial number.
- Fixed a bug where chip descriptions would fail to parse because of a changed behavior in a newer version of serde_yaml.
- Fixed the LPC55S66 and LPS55S69 targets.

> - CMSIS-DAPv1 read operations now properly timeout instead of blocking forever, thus giving the user proper feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CMSIS-DAPv1 read operations now properly time out instead of blocking forever, thus giving the user proper feedback.
```
